let's talk about some gossip that's really
powerful let's talk about some gossip that's really
powerful I posted a tweet today I don't know
if you saw it wait just in case 18
years in prison minimum unforgivable whatever
Pro bad bad eh bad the subject
bad the subject I mean I came across
this tweet today from Pereira and it
says a few weeks ago he
posted some tweets about a problem with
heretics well let's see you posted some
tweets didn't you go to a podcast that
went viral because you
publicly reported it Well apart from that you have a
civil lawsuit that you filed against
heretics because they weren't paying you Pereira it
's not that you posted some tweets I mean you made
a pretty important public complaint
not only a public complaint but there
were also things no eh that also
trust you that I did this topic on the
main channel I chose it for the
main channel because it seemed strong to me okay he
did this
live but watch out I'm repeating this
problem you have brought it on yourselves yourselves I
am
doing here what I must and I  I don't want to
screw you over I repeat that you were
my [ __ ] dream I don't want to screw you over you are an
asset to my sector from which I
live I only want people to know what I have
lived through and for you to ask me for forgiveness that is
the only thing that I am looking for with this what he
basically lived through was that he uh had a
salary that apparently they did not
pay him a part that would correspond to him
for promoting some brands and so on
But well it was something that he accepted
Unfair or not he accepted it but the issue
is that they left him 40,000 bucks
in retis okay and well heretics
Okay they left him 40,000 bucks
claiming that well since the house was in
perfect condition Well they charged him so you ask
me for forgiveness and he sued them
Okay and they had a pending trial for
everything like several have already done uh that
several people within
the club have already spoken to me seeing me sorry and Oh I didn't know
the
situation I didn't know a damn thing you
all knew Up to the point where
you put it you clean the whole  [ __ ] image I'm
going to do it okay
Eh Eh Eh Eh Eh when I left the house what
you guys recommended was that I not
hang out with jetti because you had kicked him
out when there was the whole
discord thing, all the fishing that also if you
want I talk about it here publicly I
talk about it in the podcast that you can see
tonight obviously
eh there was a [ __ ] up because of llove but not
to the point where you put it that you
wanted to clean up the whole [ __ ]
image you guys stay like the little
angels and llove in the [ __ ] I'm there
about yti is true dude the thing about jti is that he does
n't tell it well basically he says with
belum several streamers made the
joke to me of I don't pay you heretics So look I take
this opportunity to clarify the
situation days after the tweets
hetis and I met we
talked about what had happened how we had
gotten to that point and
all my requests have been fulfilled and
both parties We have reached an agreement
everything is fixed with them and both on my
part and on theirs everything is
fine There are no more [ __ ] [ __ ]  Of course but
this is what I said, so be careful there's
no more [ __ ] no there's no more [ __ ] no gorgo
gorgo posted a series of
tweets saying that well we'll see Let's
see this is what was happening in that trial
because of course eh
Pereira had caused a lot of damage
to the house and they had to charge him for that of
course I mean basically
gorgo said that the 40,000 bucks that they didn't
pay
Pereira was because he had caused
damage to the house I mean [ __ ] What the [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] have you broken a house I
understand that those houses have
expensive things no because it was a chalet but
come on 40,000 bucks I'm telling you that you
also have to break it you have to
set fire to the [ __ ] house no what the [ __ ] do
you have to pay 40,000 bucks from
there a note you know So if you're
telling me that in the end they reached an
agreement and they paid him I mean no eh
How did he
say my requests have been fulfilled
So in the end gorgo was
trying to foist it on him tell me  Andy Gorgo
was trying to pin something on him
that didn't
belong to him so he wouldn't have to
pay him because if in the end they
had to report him he wouldn't have to
report it both in court okay I'm
going to program it
45 Now we're all leaving here for the
premiere okay I mean they had to
report it both in court and
publicly so they want to reach an
agreement with Pereira okay I
posted this tweet and no one has spoken to me no no
one has spoken to me no no one has spoken to me okay Defenders
of gref for some reason okay And here
I put espil jti and cora that there were
two who said they have things to
say no pilat well they have things
to say but apparently they have sent them
bures and things like that not in a way
so they don't talk Hey be careful you
can't talk because blah blah because blah
okay talk Now what you have to say
because this Gorgo I wasn't wrong
about him in his day okay more and more things come out
okay This Gorgo
would have taken knowing that
Pereira was right he would have  taken to
the end of the procedure, that is, I
think there was
still a date for the hearing of the
first instance,
then after the resources that would have had that, that is, maybe they stick together for 7 years eh And gorgo would have been what I had in mind until this one came out to denounce publicly, that is, he had to go on the podcast and sue them and appear on the podcast
publicly, which is where it publicly hurts them in
the media so that they get
their money then jti Li sicora
come out now and tell
things come out now and tell things, I mean,
look what the guy has done eh I mean
now it turns out that you pay him let's see
if you pay him now what do you want to
tell me that you were lying about it's that
you know that you have done perfectly and I
have to
charge you they look worse for what they say
publicly because money is not a
problem for them ertis is loaded
of course but Look at you eh this guy
gorgo said no I'm saying no no it's that
you know that I don't know that we don't pay you
because you have done something wrong and it's
like Sorry and now  If you
pay him, he had to publicly denounce you
so that you would
pay him. So you were lying.
No, but
well, but well,
incredible family, eh. Oh, it's that Gorgo, that
guy, he's not a good
person. Do you understand? Javi? 40,000 are the
keys that they lost. Yes, yes, Gorgo, that guy, he's
not a good person. We've already had several
experiences. Well, we had experiences
with him years ago, and during these
years I've also seen him encouraging
things and posting some comments
about my
private things. I have it saved for you
there, now.